Update 2-lint-on-push.md (#3029)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/orchestration/custom-cicd-pipelines/2-lint-on-push.md

This section shows a very basic example of linting a project every time a commit is pushed to the repo. While it is simple, it shows the power of CI and can be expanded on to meet the needs of your organization. 

> The steps below use [SQLFluff](https://docs.sqlfluff.com/en/stable/) to scan your code and look for linting errors. In the example, it's set to use the `snowflake` dialect, and specfically runs the rules L019, L020, L021, and L022. This is pureley for demonstration purposes. You should update this to reflect your code base's [dialect](https://docs.sqlfluff.com/en/stable/dialects.html) and the [rules](https://docs.sqlfluff.com/en/stable/rules.html) you've established for your repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps below use [SQLFluff](https://docs.sqlfluff.com/en/stable/) to scan your code and look for linting errors. In the example, it's set to use the `snowflake` dialect, and specifically runs the rules L019, L020, L021, and L022. This is purely for demonstration purposes. You should update this to reflect your code base's [dialect](https://docs.sqlfluff.com/en/stable/dialects.html) and the [rules](https://docs.sqlfluff.com/en/stable/rules.html) you've established for your repo.
```
